Kuma-gai
He is dancing from the corner.
Bobby is dancing the Black Giant.
He is going to do a left jab.
He is trying to catch Kuma-gai's right arm.
Bobby is trying to catch Kuma-gai.
He is attacking.
Bobby is using a hand rudder and will have a crunch.
Kuma-gai is trying to catch Bobby.
He is jumping the left and right.
Bobby is going to attack right.
Kuma-gai is trying to catch Bobby.
He is going to do a left hand jab.
Bobby is trying to catch Bobby.
Bobby is going to attack right.
Bobby is going to do a left hand jab.
Bobby's attack is not easy.
Both fighters are fighting with their best.
They are fighting with their best.
Bobby's stomach is full of power.
Bobby's upper cut is in his stomach.
His swing is in his left side of his stomach.
Bobby is down.
Bobby is in a beautiful heaven.
Bobby is standing up.
A great performance by the Manjou brothers.
He's rushed from the corner.
He's trying to get the ball back in.
Bobby's right straight hit Bobby's chin.
Bobby got a chance.
He's rushed again.
He's pushed Bobby to the corner.
Bobby's last blow.
Bobby's in danger.
Bobby's down.
He's pushed him.
He's so strong.
Bobby's got a chance.
He's sent a big swing.
He's turned the ball around.
A great dynamite hook.
He's in.
Bobby's in danger.
Bobby's blocked.
Another great body punch.
Bobby's finally passed.
He's pushed him.
He's knocked out.
The Manjou brothers are the champions.
They're the best players in the world.
They're shaking hands.
They're crying.